docs(cli): update-cli-overview (#1975)
IgniteUI/igniteui-xplat-docs: doc/en/components/general-cli-overview.md

ig mcp
```

<!-- React, WebComponents -->

### Quick Setup with `ig ai-config`

To configure {ProductName} Agent Skills and both MCP servers in a single step, run the following from your project root after installing {ProductName} packages:

```cmd
npx igniteui-cli ai-config
```

If you have the CLI installed globally:

```cmd
ig ai-config
```

> This copies {ProductName} Agent Skills into `.claude/skills/` and writes the Ignite UI MCP server configuration to `.vscode/mcp.json`. If the files already exist and are up-to-date, the command is a no-op. For AI clients other than VS Code, use the manual configuration below.

Reviewer: It would be helpful to clarify that ai-config adds both MCP servers—the Ignite UI CLI and the Theming server. If either server is already configured, the command only adds the missing one.

Since it’s already mentioned earlier that the command installs both servers, it may be sufficient to simply state that it “writes the full Ignite UI MCP server configuration, including the CLI and Theming servers,” so users understand they’ll get everything set up automatically.

Author: Change accepted and added

> This copies {ProductName} Agent Skills into `.claude/skills/` and writes the Ignite UI MCP server configuration to `.vscode/mcp.json`. If the files already exist and are up-to-date, the command is a no-op. For AI clients other than VS Code, use the manual configuration below.

Author: ```suggestion
This copies {ProductName} Agent Skills into `.claude/skills/` and rites the full Ignite UI MCP server configuration, including the CLI and Theming servers, to `.vscode/mcp.json`. If the files already exist and are up-to-date, the command is a no-op. For AI clients other than VS Code, use the manual configuration below.
```
